Riot:Mo Thugs
Flesh-N-Bone: 
Yeah, yeah. Unh huh, unh huh, callin' all my trues trues. Mo Thug family 
bringin' it to ya once again. Callin' all my thugstas, thugstas, thugstas, 
thugstas and hustlas, hustlas, hustlas. Callin' all my thugstas, thugstas, 
thugstas, thugstas and hustlas. 

We the tightest, trues humbly united, family never divided, we the survivors, 
Mo Thug riders comin' Lets set it off, start the riot. 

My nigga, the Fifth Dog breakin' it off so raw, let me set it off once again. 
I'm ready for battle, then if it's on with the war, then let the games begin. 
My friend, you feelin' the wrath Mo Thugs steady bring. When we hit the scene, 
we gonna hit everything. Listen to the fat lady sing. It'll be over, so tell 
'em why. You better get out of my way, clear my path, my nigga. Put 'em in a 
bullet bath, wig-splitters. If niggas run up I blast my trigger. Ready and 
willing, so lets ride. I'm buckin' and killin' police, leave 'em in the streets 
with their badges all bloody, fuck 'em all, ain't no peace. Strapped with heat 
on thugs, I roll with the nines, it's time to get with ya. Bet I won't miss ya, 
bullet hit ya. Better hope you survive, when I come get ya. 

We the tightest, trues humbly united, family never divided, we the survivors, 
Mo Thug riders comin' Lets set it off, start the riot. 

We on the mash, collectin' cash. At last, my niggas, we finally made it up out 
of the ghetto. But I want cheddar, and I never knew none could fade it. Rollin' 
with gauges, and a whole lot of ammunition in my trunk. If there's any chalk 
left when I get done, I'll reach in my shit and won't fake to dump. IæŠ¦ flippin'
my people down your block, thugsta mentality straight from the Glock Glock. Let 
off my heat, pop shot 'til the cop drop, daily, my shit don't stop. Who aim to 
try and tame me? I'm gonna mangle 'em, then bang they brain, and strangle fools 
who don' know the name. I crept and I came with game. I'm tellin' y'all, fuck 
the fame. I'm out to get paid, that's what I envision. Givin' you hit, you fin 
to listen, nigga, my trues still on the mission, yeah. 

We the tightest, trues humbly united, family never divided, we the survivors, 
Mo Thug riders comin' Lets set it off, start the riot. 

Let's carry out will after will. My deals are handled, fulfilled with a mighty 
power. Up against forces of evil, and we have been waitin' at last for the 
final hour. How I pray to the Lord, heavenly Father, will they have mercy? I'd 
rather disperse you into the line of fire, we gon' lay a buck where they hurt 
you. Hit 'em with a curse and you got glocks, steady servin' niggas murda mo. 
Givin' up shots to the Double Glock all day long. Niggas steady drop Pz from 
Cleveland, fuck, touch these. The original St. Clair thugstas, and we put 
Cleveland on that goddamn map, steady got back for nothin' Now, bustas, yeah, 
come stumble into my world, see, we can have peace, and we can have harmony. 
Cause any harm to me, we can afford, 'cause I got a army, nigga.